listen so these three right here would
be some of my favorite horror comedies
to come out in the past decade and i
highly recommend them if you haven't
caught them because they do a great job
at poking fun at a lot of the tropes
within the genre but netflix is looking
to create a franchise of their own that
has more homages than a logic album
and they're looking at a trilogy so let
me explain
do they make fun of you for still having
a babysitter yeah
but then they see her and they get
really jealous so this series comes from
mcgee who's worked on a couple of
projects for netflix already and seems
to have a pretty good relationship with
them
it also comes from writer brian duffield
who recently did the movie adaptation of
spontaneous which follows a high school
class as they each start
blowing up spontaneously i'm just so
glad i didn't explode all over you
personally i prefer the first babysitter
to the second but both
are pretty much just mcgee living
through his characters as they all
reference all of his favorite movies
so go catch him on netflix if you're
interested shout out to our sponsor surf
shark
and a full spoiler warning for both of
these movies
so in the first we follow cole a high
school kid who's constantly getting
bullied by his classmates his
teachers kids scared of smart cars he
has a bigger fear of vaccines than your
average midwestern american
why are you giving me [ __ ] today i mean
it's just a needle man
do you think i'm a [ __ ] mom um
luckily samara weaves in and saves him
every time he's in trouble hey you're
still giving this to me right
100 can't have a sticky door on my car
boy
says you cole and b actually do have a
really big nerdy bomb
together you know they create their own
drive-in in the back she lets him take
shots
they really connect on different levels
the only problem is she's made a deal
with the devil and has nick fury to
group to prey on the blood of the
innocent
and all of this only works if we get
that top shelf pure [ __ ]
honestly they're milking this boy like
he's their first cow and every day is a
blood drive
lore wise satan has his own unholy book
that they follow
and it's filled with verses and rituals
to recite and one of them just so
happens to be reenacting the kissing
booth
obviously this hypochondriac isn't going
to listen to the police when he calls
him to report it
and that's what gets him caught before
having the bloodiest night of his life
i mean nobody's done human sacrifice
people have always done human sacrifice
yeah but like not in america with hot
people
and so breaking down the crew you have
allison who got recruited by bee because
she wanted to be a journalist and was
told that the only way to reach her only
fans
was to go all the way and honestly it's
just muji playing the hot girl
hi cole sonia is meant to be the goth
one in the group who appears randomly
you know previously she used to clean up
the dead before getting recruited by bee
who offers her a pitch perfect plan to
get closer to them but
then that blows up in her face she's
also always making cookies so i would
say like this is
mcgee being a mug baker why is he
shirtless
that's your first question robbie amell
plays max who went out of his comfort
zone this time you know he he plays a
quarterback and a fried cook dude
carries some anger management with him
and joined the cult as a release but
he's also the only dude who tries to
help coal with the bullies that
are egging his house and egging him yet
even at the end he gets left out to hang
and this is really mcgee just
fantasizing himself as a spongebob
squarebot
you look like carrie but black what the
hell are you wearing
looking like big bird's side [ __ ] then
there's andrew batchelor playing
andrew batchelor his flashback is that
he wanted to make it big with singing
but
honestly his career his career was gonna
last as long as a vine
[Music]
no one learns anything in classical
that's why we have the internet
and then there's melanie who's cole's
neighbor who he has a crush on before
you know she tries to crush him and i
actually really liked her story because
she's
the one who's always there to comfort
cole and the way others can't like be
was there but
nothing tears down your self-esteem more
than having your entire fabric of
reality shred right in front of you
yeah while he has the most supportive
parents melanie's are actually going
through a nasty divorce with
her custody being at the bottom of their
list here's his high school team card
i think i have to divorce to make mom
jealous but
it didn't work because it's just a car
eventually they do have that moment
where he
us into his neighbor's arm and he's able
to get intimate with her and honestly
you give a boy a kiss and all of a
sudden he has the courage to go pull up
on them
that said i thought this boy was going
to pull a baby driver and try to run off
with his girl but instead
he turns into a weapon and commits
vehicular manslaughter
science fiction you can do anything
overall i think the first is fun because
of its initial twists and turns you know
samara weaving is also a big factor and
it makes sense why she's blown up since
and is bound to have a most
excellent career i thought i had a lot
of cool slow-mo shots and
i do like some of the camera work
throughout the movie but it's just
very self-referential you know like i
said each character is just a different
variation of mcgee with the quips and
the references that they pull yes mcgee
as the hot girl the buff guy the blonde
as
an influencer and while that does create
a formula where you can deliver as many
jokes as you want through your
characters
it is one that i think works better the
first time through especially when the
second one kind of takes away from all
i don't need a babysitter anymore
boy after burning down the house you're
right i'm never leaving you at home
again
big thanks to surfshark for sponsoring
this video and the channel as a whole
and for actually helping me watch a tv
show recently everyone's heard by now
how a vpn helps with protecting your
data
navigating the internet you know making
you more anonymous and whatever be
really is
but one of the big things they really
stand behind and i fully support is how
axes should not be tied to nationality
for example i recently tried to watch
the original series to utopia and just
i couldn't because of region
restrictions not only could i not find
it to stream or digitally purchase but
even if i wanted the dvd set i'd have to
buy a completely new dvd player because
of the way that it's locked
so thanks to sur shark i don't have to
drop the plane ticket to europe just to
watch the better version of a television
series
i can just click click cheerio and boom
and i have access to purchase it
geo blocking even affects a lot of
sports games and live shows as many of
you know that
you're already paying for they just
demand you be at home even though they
tell you to download a mobile app
on top of it search has a great ad
blocker which i recommend since you know
again
most of the ad rev goes to the greedy
studios anyway but it does a great job
at protecting your search history
keeps no logs and they even offer a
30-day money-back guarantee so
if you're interested in getting a vpn
and want to support the channel head
over to surfshark.deals
let me explain and use the promo code
let me explain to get 83
off plus a whole three months for free
so shout out to sir shark for sponsoring
this video and helping us make content
including even watching it
now if there's one thing we gotta learn
from these horror after credits is that
you have to stay there and never leave
the bad guy alone because then they'll
disappear
and there will be a sequel so about two
years later and my boy cole is full
grown since he's been
drinking his milk he's a junior in high
school now who even though he fought off
devil worshipers is still seen as a
weird kid since
no one believes him there were no bodies
so it just looked like this kid drove a
car into his own house but they just
brush off everything else that
it doesn't really make sense like for
example they nonchalantly mention the
fact that you know i don't know
two other cops were killed that night
which would automatically put this kid
in the can but
you know we'll see that continuity yeah
it isn't this series strong points poor
cole's still getting booked but
his neighbor too is now full-grown but
fully moved on
sadly dating someone just like her
douchebag of a father melanie
you know my dyslexia's kickstand when
i'm stressed for the sign up not did i
there's also a new transfer student from
juvie named phoebe who gets introduced
like she's a part of disney's mean girls
3.
and honestly to me none of the new
characters are really
extra funny in my opinion you know they
just add more cringiness than anything
else
nothing to worry about they're not
backed by tomorrow i'll bring in
ice nice baby
again they're just new mcgee standings
and where their their modern day teams
listening to this old school playlist
there's somehow doubled the amount of
references in this one hell it even
starts referencing itself back and he's
got everyone name dropping movies left
and right which
you know sometimes is literally just
them saying the name of the flick but
other times it is fun to scope out what
they're trying to homage thanks
and i'll be sure to tell them largemouth
sent me
down and play
did i die first last time you're that
first july
if you ain't first your last you watch
terminator 2 yes
it's one of the four sequels in
cinematic history that supersedes the
original
uh only two they even have a howard
hughes reference when breaking down
cole's mental health which
okay but one i'll take this time to
recommend the aviator
and two yo they really had this kid
throw a g's worth of pills out
yet again kohl's fighting his anxiety
and goes out to a cabin in the woods
with melanie and her new friends where
it's no longer seven minutes in heaven
but two like
that's two full tick tocks this twist
this time around is that the neighbor
has gone bad because
well you know i want to be an absolutely
and while sure that makes for a great
twist it kind of completely backtracks
everything from the first
just because she's a psychopath doesn't
mean women are evil
the whole cast comes back since they all
made a deal with the devil as well
making this an
updated netflix version of the story of
faust if he said lines like
who was just going sword luckily the
devil gives good head
and legit these guys come back looking
like the power rangers turns out that
the new girl phoebe is the only innocent
one and so cole slides
into her in order to get away but now
she's also in danger
they end up having her reenact her role
in season two of you which
wtf even later on they orchestrate an
entire clip just so she can get
p on her face which wtf again but at
least this time netflix realized this
wasn't a french film and decided to go
the metaphorical route when showcasing
these kids doing the dirty tango for the
first time
like i said the second one is definitely
more contrived and
even the stuff that's supposed to be
funny just felt extremely flat for me
but at least they upped the kills on
this one besides having bella
always storing her boobs i think she had
the best horror effects on hers because
that neck though max is actually the one
who explains that they have till sunrise
to get the pure blood that they need
before having to go back into limbo and
waiting two years for
netflix to greenlit a third but then he
gets propelled but like upload you know
he'll be back
but the kill for john i think was the
most goofiest one because you could like
you could literally see the bucket of
blood being thrown on joe dirt's face
over here
in terms of the ending again didn't work
for me see b comes back and like the
terminator she goes from being the bad
guy in the first to having a change of
heart and you know wanting to continue
to babysit
it's just you know funny considering
everything that happened in the first
girl had an entire years long
relationship with this boy
but it wasn't until right before she
died when she was like
damn wait i actually do like this kid
and all of this only works if we get
that top shelf
pure [ __ ] and coal is basically a faucet
of that
for us on top of that the reveal is that
she was also phoebe's babysitter way
back in the day
whose initial deal with the devil was to
save phoebe from a car accident that
they were in
and that's why we see similar tattoos on
the both of them you know just like in
the first when colin b had their sci-fi
debates
phoebe seems to have had those same
discussions when she was like six years
old and sketches picard eating a
xenomorph and b had left some easter
bunny eggs to set up the whole thing
including baiting melanie into setting
up the whole thing which
is just a risky plan considering this
boy could have been laid out before he
actually
got laid out oh my god me carl was ready
to get laid me
virgin we work with what we have it's
also funny happy found herself in the
scenario because of phoebe but
it's cole who gets the final goodbye and
everything centers around him because
again
he'd be mcgee in the story so ready or
not they all poof away due to their deal
with the devil
and the fact that b set it all up in
order to protect these kids who
she kind of wasn't there for before and
tomorrow herself even drinks to defeat
her demons and
go shoot the new gi joe movie as he
finally becomes a cool kid
kinda like he did in the last one
overall it's the same crew and does have
the same spunk that the first one has
just not at the same level i mean a lot
of it is the first just with more
flashbacks than a rocky intro
there's a fine line between how much is
homages and how much you're bringing to
the table you know kind of like a
mixtape and the first one just handled
it better in my opinion
because for a movie that brings up the
best sequels
it just ain't there but boy you know
they're keeping that book open for a
third thank you guys for watching this
video and again a big shout out to sir
shark for sponsoring this channel
i'm curious to know your october picks
what are the horror movies that you're
watching during this month
the ones that sent out to you any new
stuff even old stuff and also your
thoughts on the third one
i'm pretty sure that netflix is going to
greenlit a third one in order to be able
to at least complete the trilogy
whether the kid ends up growing up and
needing a babysitter for his own kid
you know he gets another wall growth
spurt but uh i'm curious to see how
they're gonna flesh it out because i
personally feel like they had too many
plot holes for
what happened with the second one and
what that does for the first but
i don't know maybe they could tie it all
in maybe she ends up being a high level
demon
if not the devil herself but i just hope
they bring the therapist back because
he's at least been the one consistent
comedic person within the series um
but i'm also curious to know where you
think it's gonna head uh i think it's
interesting just to follow mcgee's work
you know this is the man who did
charlie's angels
even if i don't think he makes the
greatest of films on the platform
i think that he has created some of like
the best
streaming stuff if that makes any sense
like i think that his relationship with
netflix has caused a lot of his stuff to
actually have some of the best output
for example rim of the world and
both babysitters have the best sound
effects like they actually mix them well
it's one one of the things that i've
noticed watching his movies compared to
other stuff that netflix has is that
they
actually create a surround sound uh that
you can get
on streaming so you know he's always
been big on the future of streaming and
just hearing him talk about stuff it
makes sense why he keeps the gigs coming
i never went to school to learn how to
make a record but i've written number
one songs and
made number one records i never went to
film school but i can make a movie and
i never went to tv class and i can
executive produce a tv show so i mean
maybe because my brain is vibrating on
that frequency that tortures me a lot
i can see and hear things just a little
bit differently is to make them
interesting other than that let me know
your thoughts down below in the comment
section for this movie or any others let
me know your horror picks until next
time don't forget to comment like and
subscribe
and watch final girls